Terms of Use and Rights to Use the Website

Welcome to JAF Logistics. By accessing and using this website, you agree to comply with and be bound by the following terms and conditions of use.

1. Intellectual Property Rights
All content, design, graphics, compilation, magnetic translation, digital conversion, and other matters related to the Site are protected under applicable copyrights, trademarks, and other proprietary rights. 
"All rights reserved" indicates that JAF Logistics holds all copyrights to the materials on this website. You may not copy, redistribute, use or publish any such matters or any part of the Site, except as allowed by legal exceptions.

2. License to Use Website
JAF Logistics grants you a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable license to access and use the Site strictly in accordance with these Terms of Use.

3. Restrictions
You are specifically restricted from all of the following:
- Publishing any website material in any other media without prior written consent.
- Selling, sublicensing, and/or otherwise commercializing any website material.
- Using this website in any way that is or may be damaging to this website.
- Using this website in any way that impacts user access to this website.
- Engaging in any data mining, data harvesting, data extracting, or any other similar activity in relation to this website.

4. No Warranties
This website is provided "as is," with all faults, and JAF Logistics expresses no representations or warranties, of any kind related to this website or the materials contained on this website.

5. Limitation of Liability
In no event shall JAF Logistics, nor any of its officers, directors, and employees, be held liable for anything arising out of or in any way connected with your use of this website.

6. Changes to Terms
JAF Logistics reserves the right to revise these terms at any time as it sees fit, and by using this website you are expected to review these terms on a regular basis.

For any inquiries, please contact us through the provided contact information on the website.

Last updated: 2026
